almost all losers will attempt to passs
off as nice guys and I mean the
infantile dependent types I'm not
infantile and dependent I'm nice so some
nice guys are competent but all
infantile losers except those Who Fallen
completely off the edge of the world and
are resentful beyond belief they're
going to pass themselves off As Nice
Guys and that's a major problem because
what woman in a right mind wants a
dependent man you might as well just
have a child right at least the child
has an excuse and think this is so
important cuz I I get tired of guys
saying I'm a nice guy I'm like really
you out doing charity work every week
you're down at the church every week
putting together the kids camp because I
bet if you were doing that wom would
find you attractive I bet you're just
kind of weak